[Music]
Iraqis rallying this afternoon say that
they are in support of the Palestinian
people that the suffering of the
Palestinians is a pan Arab issue they
want an immediate end to the Israeli
occupation to the hostilities that are
happening in Gaza now they want to
ceasefire an end to the war and they say
that their leaders as well as world
leaders need to do much
more we are Weeping for the people of
Gaza we are willing to sacrifice our
blood for them we're here today to tell
the people of Gaza we are with them the
Arab people are with them it's a shame
Arab leaders are turning their
backs we call on the neighboring
countries and the government of Egypt to
open the borders to offer humanitarian
Aid and to help those who've been
injured why do they have to close the
Rafa border crossing to the people of
Gaza why why does Israel have the right
to import the most modern weapons yet
there is no right for the Arab countries
to send Aid food and medicine to the
women and
children Iraq is no stranger to war to
instability to conflict and there is a
fear that if the war in Gaza goes on
much longer that the violence could
escalate that it could spread throughout
the region there have already been
episodes here of attacks on us targets a
close Ally of Israel by Pro Palestinian
pro-iranian groups reprisals by US
forces and worry is that this will
continue to make Iraq a convergence
point and an escalation of violence in
the region will see Iraq become a flash
point for violence if this war goes on
much longer Zay aler
bdad make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer